How do we make education accessible to children who live in vulnerability?

*KEY ELEMENTS
All children are in the right of having education, according to the UN.
But 9 out of 10 children are lacking education in school due to the pandemic.
Another 40 million children are refugees and therefore miss out on school.
Researchers that have studied the impact of closed schools during II World
War found out that the children without education during these years had
lower income for up 40 years.

*GOALS
We want to make education accessible to the children who are suffering the lack
of education due to their situation.

*CHALLENGE
How to allow personal development and education, affecting their future and
social environment? The challenge is to make education accessible for the
world’s children in extremely vulnerable situations.

*END USER
Children who are not able to take part in regular education based on their living
situation.

*SPECIFIC SDGs CONNECTION
SGD4: Quality Education
SDG5: Gender Equality
SDG10: Reduced Inequalities

*Organizational Background:
Almost 70 years of experience supporting children without parental care, and
those at risk of losing it, have given SOS Children's Villages a deep understanding of how to care for
children who need someone and how to help prevent the breakdown of parental
care. We do this through innovative and effective partnerships with donors,
communities, governments and other organizations. 1 Our Strategy 2030 helps us
respond to the changing needs in the communities where we work, putting the
most disadvantaged children at the centre of all our actions. Our strategy
directly relates and contributes to the Sustainable Development Goals in key
areas such as poverty, inequality, education, health, social and child protection,
and decent work. When children can no longer live with their families, we work
with communities and state partners to provide children with loving and
supportive alternative care. We work with children, families, communities and
states to prevent family breakdown and ensure that children's rights are met.
